Add a deprecation warning to > in Class (#15802)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/language/core/records.rst

   In :n:`@field_spec`:

     :n:`:>` in :n:`@of_type`
       If specified, the field is declared as a coercion from the record name
       to the class of the field type. See :ref:`coercions`.

>        Note that this behaves differently for :cmd:`Class` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Note that this currently does nothing in :cmd:`Class` commands.  See XXX
```

XXX: hyperlink to the deprecation warning

   In :n:`@field_spec`:

     :n:`:>` in :n:`@of_type`
       If specified, the field is declared as a coercion from the record name
       to the class of the field type. See :ref:`coercions`.

>        Note that this currently does nothing in :cmd:`Class` commands.

Reviewer 2: That "this currently does nothing for Class" is not true, right?

Reviewer 3: The following example shows that `>` syntax after `Class` is a noop. However the `:>` syntax actually does something. So I think this was just some confusion.
```coq
Class > B := { c : nat }.
Class A := Build_A { b :> B }.
Print HintDb typeclass_instances.
```

Author: Good catch, fixed.
